Research in Education (Big6™ Model)
		Use these steps to guide your research process. 
	#1 Task Definition 
		Start out by articulating your information problem and identifying the information you need. It may be helpful to use the ERIC Thesaurus to clearly define your topic and search terms.
	#2 Information Seeking
		Once you know your information need, consider all of the possible sources of information for your topic, and prioritize them.
		Many times a good choice is one of the following:
			(a) Looking for books & videos in MadCat and WorldCat 
			(b) Searching for journal articles in databases
			(c) Searching for websites on the Internet.
	#3 Location and Access
		Finding Books, Videos, Software & Kits 
		MadCat User Guide
			There are over 30 libraries on the UW-Madison campus, and almost everything in them can be located using MadCat. Beyond MadCat, you can conduct a UW System Search to find items at all UW universities and colleges. 
		WorldCat (First Search) User Guide
			The largest library catalog of all is WorldCat, which locates items at libraries across the country and the world. 
		Book & Media Delivery Tutorials
			Learn how to place inter-library loan requests for books and other media.
		Finding Articles
		If you're looking for journal articles, try getting started with these:
			ERIC User Guide
			ERIC database (1966-date)
				The oldest and largest education-related database. It covers over one million publications, about two thirds of which are journal articles. The other third are unique ERIC Documents. 90% of ERIC Documents are available in the CIMC microfiche collection. In addition, nearly 100,000 full-text ERIC Documents published from 1993 to the present are accessible electronically through links in the database records, and new ERIC Documents will soon be available in HTML full-text.
			Education Full-Text User Guide
			Education Full-Text database (1983-date)
				Although it should be called "Education, about 25% Full-Text," this source is more current than ERIC, often having full text available just a month or two after the print journal issues are published.
			Academic Search (Ebsco) User Guide
			Academic Search database (1984-date)
				Full-text access to more than 1,500 scholarly periodicals, including some education journals not available in ERIC or Education Full-text.
			Professional Development Collection User Guide
			Professional Development Collection database (1965-date)
				Designed for educators, this database provides full-text for about 750 periodicals, including 350 peer-reviewed journals.
			ProQuest Research Library User Guide
			ProQuest Research Library (1988-date)
				Full-text access to almost 1,000 periodicals, including some education journals not available in ERIC or Education Full-text.
		Article Delivery Tutorials
			Learn how to place inter-library loan requests for articles.
		Internet Searching
			For help, try Finding Information on the Internet:A Tutorial developed by the University of California at Berkeley libraries.
			Google 
			Google Scholar 
			Librarian's Index to the Internet 
	#4 Extract the Information
		Now you need to extract relevant information from the sources you've gathered. As you do, don't forget to keep track of your source citations. The Writing Center Handbook has online guides to APA citation format (and others).
	#5 Synthesize the Information
		Time to organize and present your information as a research paper or other project! The UW Writing Center offers one-on-one instruction and workshops on research writing.
	#6 Evaluation
		Reflect upon the effectiveness of your product and the efficiency of your process. What can you do differently next time?
